update get start xpu (#143183)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/notes/get_start_xpu.rst

   :widths: 50 50
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Supported OS
     - Validated Hardware
   * - Linux
     - Intel® Data Center GPU Max Series/ Intel® Client GPUs (Intel® Arc™ B-Series graphics not supported)
   * - Windows

>      - Intel® Client GPUs (Intel® Arc™ B-Series graphics with experimental support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Intel® Client GPUs
```

   * - WSL2 (experimental feature)

>      - Intel® Client GPUs (Intel® Arc™ B-Series graphics/Intel® Core™ Ultra Series 2 with Intel® Arc™ Graphics not supported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Intel® Client GPUs
```

> Intel GPUs support (Prototype) is ready in PyTorch* 2.6 for Intel® Data Center GPU Max Series and Intel® Client GPUs on both Linux and Windows, which brings Intel GPUs and the SYCL* software stack into the official PyTorch stack with consistent user experience to embrace more AI application scenarios.

Reviewer 2: I thought it's prototype feature for 2.5 but not 2.6, isn't it?

Software Prerequisite
---------------------

> Visit `PyTorch Installation Prerequisites for Intel GPUs <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/pytorch-prerequisites-for-intel-gpus.html>`_ Driver Installation.

Reviewer: It is better to provide the link to `Driver Installation` directly.

Author: yes, I will replace the link to the latest published one with driver installation session.

Author: Hi @EikanWang , updated to driver installation anchor link

   :widths: 50 50
   :header-rows: 1

>    * - Supported OS

Reviewer: By the way, why do we need to add star here?

Author: it is a format in rst for tables

     - Validated Hardware
   * - Linux
     - Intel® Client GPUs / Intel® Data Center GPU Max Series
   * - Windows
     - Intel® Client GPUs
   * - WSL2 (experimental feature)
     - Intel® Client GPUs

Intel GPUs support (Prototype) is ready in PyTorch* 2.6 for Intel® Client GPUs and Intel® Data Center GPU Max Series on both Linux and Windows, which brings Intel GPUs and the SYCL* software stack into the official PyTorch stack with consistent user experience to embrace more AI application scenarios.

Software Prerequisite
---------------------

To use PyTorch on Intel GPUs, you need to install the Intel GPUs driver first. For installation guide, visit `Intel GPUs Driver Installation <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/pytorch-prerequisites-for-intel-gpu/2-6.html#driver-installation>`_.

> Installation from binaries only need Intel GPU Drivers, while building from source requires Intel GPU Drivers and Intel® Deep Learning Essentials. Please refer to  `PyTorch Installation Prerequisites for Intel GPUs <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/pytorch-prerequisites-for-intel-gpu/2-6.html>`_.

Reviewer 3: Also, I'm not sure what are the policy about those ® signs, but I had a feeling it should be used for the first mention, rather than the last one.
```suggestion
Intel GPU Drivers are sufficient for binary installation, while building from source requires both Intel GPU Drivers and Intel® Deep Learning Essentials. Please refer to  `PyTorch Installation Prerequisites for Intel GPUs <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/pytorch-prerequisites-for-intel-gpu/2-6.html>`_ for more information.
```

Installation
------------

Binaries
^^^^^^^^

Now we have `Intel GPU Driver <https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/developer/articles/tool/pytorch-prerequisites-for-intel-gpu/2-6.html#driver-installation>`_ installed. Use the following commands to install ``pytorch``, ``torchvision``, ``torchaudio`` on Linux.

For release wheels

.. code-block::

>     pip3 install torch torchvision torchaudio --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/xpu

Author: yeah, we can create separate PR for /xpu later, now I will change to test/xpu

   model = model.to("xpu")
   data = data.to("xpu")

   for i in range(ITERS):
       start = time.time()
       with torch.no_grad():
           model(data)
           torch.xpu.synchronize()
       end = time.time()
       print(f"Inference time before torch.compile for iteration {i}: {(end-start)*1000} ms")

   model = torch.compile(model)
   for i in range(ITERS):
       start = time.time()
       with torch.no_grad():
           model(data)
           torch.xpu.synchronize()
       end = time.time()

>        print(f"Inference time after torch.compile for iteration {i}: {(end-start)*1000} ms")

Reviewer 3: Can you please explain what this change is for? And if it's needed, please feel free to submit it as separate PR (as it does not seem to be 2.6 specific)

Author: Hi @malfet, This change is to fix a formatting issue. I noticed that when I copied this code, the indentation was incorrect, so I made this modification.

Author: I will submit it as separate PR
